feat(disploy): buttons (#68)
Disploy/disploy: packages/disploy/README.md

</div>

> > **Warning**: We're still in development, and packages are published to NPM every 12 hours to the `@dev` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: We're still in development, and packages are published to npm every 12 hours to the `@dev` tag. You can view our [v1.0.0 milestone](https://github.com/Disploy/disploy/milestone/1) to see what features are planned for the first release and their current status.
```

Disploy is a library for building HTTP interaction-based Discord bots with ease. It's designed to make it easy to build, test and deploy Discord bots.

# Features

Disploy features a [library](#library) and an opinionated [framework](#framework) with tooling inspired by Next.js.

## Library

> Disploy does not come included with a "server", that's up to you to implement. We have a [guide](https://disploy.dev/docs/Reference/framework-less/) showcasing you how to do so with Express (Node.js) and Deno's inbuilt server.

> In this readme, we have supplied you with a more slimmed-down guide on usage with Next.js as your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a slimmed-down guide to using Disploy with Next.js as your server.
```

### Usage with Next.js

The API entry point

```ts
// Entrypoint - pages/api/interactions.ts
import { createNextAdapter } from 'disploy';
import { App } from '../../lib/main';

> export default createNextAdapter(SafecordApp);

Reviewer: Where's the import for SafecordApp? Do you mean `App`? If so,
```suggestion
export default createNextAdapter(App);
```

Author: Maybe ExampleApp is a better name?

Reviewer: Sure

Author: resolved in https://github.com/Disploy/disploy/pull/68/commits/2c16218f008efe8d1d36b7b80fbe5b4e6fcbfbd8

> import { App } from '../../lib/main';
> 
> export default createNextAdapter(SafecordApp);

Author: ```suggestion
import { ExampleApp } from '../../lib/main';

export default createNextAdapter(ExampleApp);
```

```

> > **Note**: An "adapter" is a function that transforms requests from your server implementation of choice and creates a `TRequest` that's fed into `App#router#entry` which returns a `Promise<TResponse>` which your adapter should transform and return to Discord.

Reviewer: Add docs links

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note**: An "adapter" is a function that transforms requests from your server implementation of choice and creates a [`TRequest`](https://disploy.dev/docs/Documentation/disploy/interfaces/TRequest) that's fed into `App#router#entry` which returns a [`Promise<TResponse>`](https://disploy.dev/docs/Documentation/disploy/classes/TResponse) which your adapter should transform and return to Discord.
```

Setting up the Disploy App

```ts
// Main Bot - lib/core/main.ts
import { App } from 'disploy';
import commands from './commands/commands';

const clientId = process.env.DISCORD_CLIENT_ID;
const token = process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN;
const publicKey = process.env.DISCORD_PUBLIC_KEY;

if (!clientId || !token || !publicKey) {
	throw new Error('Missing environment variables');
}

> export const SafecordApp = new App({
> 	logger: {
> 		debug: true,
> 	},
> });
> 
> SafecordApp.start({

Author: ```suggestion
export const ExampleApp = new App({
	logger: {
		debug: true,
	},
});

ExampleApp.start({
```

	clientId,
	token,
	publicKey,
});

for (const command of commands) {
	SafecordApp.commands.registerCommand(command);
}
```

Setting up an array of commands

```ts
// Command Array - lib/core/commands/commands.ts
import Ping from './core/ping';

> const c = [Ping];
> 
> export default c;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export default [Ping];
```

Unnecessary variable

Author: This is a Next.js ESLint rule.

> 	SafecordApp.commands.registerCommand(command);

Author: ```suggestion
	ExampleApp.commands.registerCommand(command);
```

```

Example command

```ts
import type { ChatInputInteraction, Command } from 'disploy';

> const Ping: Command = {
> 	name: 'ping',
> 	description: 'pong!',
> 
> 	run(interaction: ChatInputInteraction) {
> 		interaction.reply({
> 			content: 'Hello World!',
> 		});
> 	},
> };
> 
> export default Ping;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export default {
	name: 'ping',
	description: 'pong!',

	run(interaction: ChatInputInteraction) {
		interaction.reply({
			content: 'Hello World!',
		});
	},
} satisfies Command;
```

I see you using `satisfies` a lot in the docs introduction, so here you go.

Author: `satisfies` is still an RC feature, it shouldn't be used here in the documentation since it doesn't explicitly say to use the RC version, compared to the framework documentation which expects you to use `create-disploy-app` which already sets this up.
